chore: Updated the changelog to reflect new auth changes (#1057)
aws-amplify/amplify-ios: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

- Support lazy load and pagination for API (#1009)
- Separate DataStore List logic out to list provider (#1000)

> ### ⚠ BREAKING CHANGES
> 
> - **auth**: Fix cancelling hostedUI returning a generic error (#982). User cancelled error returned from `Amplify.Auth.signInWithWebUI` is changed from `SFAuthenticationError.canceledLogin` to `AuthError.service(_, _, AWSCognitoAuthError.userCancelled)`.

Reviewer: We flagged this as a bug fix, not a breaking change, which is why we didn't do a major version bump. We should note that it changes the behavior though.

```suggestion
### Behavior Change

- **Auth**: Fix cancelling hostedUI returning a generic error (#982).

    When a user cancels the sign in flow from `Amplify.Auth.signInWithWebUI`, the callback will now deliver an error of type `AuthError.service`, with an underlying error of `AWSCognitoAuthError.userCancelled`. Previously, the error was a `SFAuthenticationError.canceledLogin`. The `AuthError.service` error type will be returned regardless of whether the underlying HostedUI operation was performed via an SFAuthenticationSession or an ASWebAuthenticationSession.
    
    You can detect the user cancellation case by `switch`ing on the error, as in:
    
    <add error switch example in a ` ` `swift backtick>  
```

### Misc updates

> - **auth**: `Amplify.Auth.signInWithWebUI` uses `ASWebAuthenticationSession` internally for iOS 13.0+. For older iOS versions, it will fallback to `SFAuthenticationSession`. You can also make use of `ASWebAuthenticationSession`'s `prefersEphermeralWebBrowserSession` by setting the value `preferPrivateSession` of `AWSAuthWebUISignInOptions` during signIn. If `preferPrivateSession` was set during signIn, the user will not see a `ASWebAuthenticationSession` popup during signOut. 

Reviewer: This should be moved back under Features. Suggested reword:

```suggestion
- **Auth**: `Amplify.Auth.signInWithWebUI` now automatically uses `ASWebAuthenticationSession` internally for iOS 13.0+. For older iOS versions, it will fall back to `SFAuthenticationSession`.

    This release also introduces a new `preferPrivateSession` flag to `AWSAuthWebUISignInOptions` during the sign in flow. If `preferPrivateSession` is set to `true` during sign in, and the user's preferred browser supports [`ASWebAuthenticationSession.prefersEphemeralWebBrowserSession`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/authenticationservices/aswebauthenticationsession/3237231-prefersephemeralwebbrowsersessio), the user will not see a web view displayed when they sign out. 
    
    <Add usage example with convenience static method in ` ` `swift block>
```

Author: Added

### Features

- Support lazy load and pagination for API (#1009)
- Separate DataStore List logic out to list provider (#1000)

### Behavior Change

- **Auth**: Fix cancelling hostedUI returning a generic error (#982).
When a user cancels the sign in flow from `Amplify.Auth.signInWithWebUI`, the callback will now deliver an error of type `AuthError.service`, with an underlying error of `AWSCognitoAuthError.userCancelled`. Previously, the error was a `SFAuthenticationError.canceledLogin`. The `AuthError.service` error type will be returned regardless of whether the underlying HostedUI operation was performed via an SFAuthenticationSession or an ASWebAuthenticationSession.
    
You can detect the user cancellation case by `switch`ing on the error, as in:
    
```swift
switch result {
  case .success:
      print("SignOut")
  case .failure(let error):
      if case AuthError.service(_, _, let underlyingError) = error,
          case .userCancelled = (underlyingError as? AWSCognitoAuthError) {
          print("User cancelled")
      }
}

> ```

Reviewer: nit: add blank line above L13. Indent from 13-27 by 4 spaces so they'll be indented under bullet.

### Misc updates

- **Auth**: `Amplify.Auth.signInWithWebUI` now automatically uses `ASWebAuthenticationSession` internally for iOS 13.0+. For older iOS versions, it will fall back to `SFAuthenticationSession`.
    This release also introduces a new `preferPrivateSession` flag to `AWSAuthWebUISignInOptions` during the sign in flow. If `preferPrivateSession` is set to `true` during sign in, and the user's preferred browser supports [`ASWebAuthenticationSession.prefersEphemeralWebBrowserSession`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/authenticationservices/aswebauthenticationsession/3237231-prefersephemeralwebbrowsersessio), the user will not see a web view displayed when they sign out. 

```swift
Amplify.Auth.signInWithWebUI(presentationAnchor: self.view.window!, 
                             options: .preferPrivateSession()) { ... }

> ```

Reviewer: Indent L34-37 by 4 spaces so they'll be grouped under previous bullet
